KRISTA CALDERON  :  kc@kristacalderon.com :  Developer  ::  Programmer  ::  Software Engineer  ::  Product Owner  ::  Leader  ::  Partner  :SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONSAs a Web Developer with a background in Product Management, I have a unique perspective from both sides of the field. I excel at developing strong and thoughtful products with organized and sustainable code as well as working with a wide range of personalities to create driven ad-hoc teams around me.TECHNICAL TALENT:   Github   ::   HTML   ::   CSS   ::   SCSS   ::   JavaScript   :: jQuery   ::   Bootstrap   ::   Materialize   ::   Node.js   ::   Express.js   ::   Sequelize   ::   SQL   ::   PostgreSQL   ::  Ruby   ::   Ruby on Rails   :CERTIFICATIONS: General Assembly > Web Development Immersive -- Aug 2016: Effective Agile Development > Certified SCRUM Product Owner -- Nov 2015: UW > Software Product Management Certification -- May 2015: UW > Project Management Certification -- May 2011WORK EXPERIENCE
: General Assembly Ñ Seattle, WA
   > Web Developer Ñ May 2016 to Aug 2016
:: As a full-stack developer, I set up varied organized and scalable products using stacks such as Ruby/Rails with SQL, Angular/Express/Node.js/SQL & MongoDB. See projects I have done on my portfolio site, kristacalderon.com. Highlights of my skill set include:   :Built full-stack applications with normalized databases and model-view-controller based environments, using RESTfull routes and DRY coding concepts.   :Used code to analyze data from APIs and databases to calculate required datasets for front-end execution.    :Planned new applications from wireframes to features to code organization to database tables and prioritized accordingly to deliver fully functioning projects with rare bugs in less than 5 days.: Virtuoso, LTD., -- Seattle, WA    > Product Manager -- May 2015 to April 2016  :: As the owner of product sustainability and improvement and partner to the sustainment developers and Quality Assurance team, I set a standard for high quality bug resolution and we all worked together to resolve internal and client facing bugs with timely and effective solutions. Highlights of my skill set include:    :Wrote specs for new website features and worked one on one with the developer and tester to deliver   :Verified and prioritized outstanding website product defects then tested all defect development solutions to confirm solutions met product requirements   :Partnered with the sustainment development team providing industry knowledge support and product specification clarification   :Communicated with services and other departments on status and solutions provided to resolve outstanding client facing issues: National Research Corporation -- Seattle, WA    > Product Manager -- Sept 2012 to April 2015   > Client Service Manager -- July 2011 to Sep 2012   :: As the owner of a smaller set of company products, I had a level of autonomy to researched new regulations and re-designed data visualizations and layouts to create more meaningful quality reporting for products worth up to $375K annually. Highlights of my skillset include: :: Product Planning and Analysis:    :Gathered and compiled client requirements from data analysis and sales and service department feedback then created effective and detailed user stories with/for development teams and built product design and revision requirements and wireframes using Axure, MS Excel, and Snagit.   :Consulted with Lead Developers to determine technical requirements for a new reporting database and data collection and delivery process through APIs and FTPs.   :Used Agile methodologies to develop client-specific product and ROI improvements. :: Project Management:   :Determined internal product position and alignment with company goals and plans through communication and collaboration with all departments, including the service team, the development team, and business leaders.   :Detailed and evaluated necessary time and resources for projects while prioritizing workload and addressing knowledge gaps during weekly project meetings with company leadership.    :Organized and led a team of two developers creating a subscription tool which automatically delivered reports and survey responses to client e-mail addresses. :: Delivery and Release:   :Wrote and updated internal specification documents and external report interpretation guides detailing client-specific calculations, assumptions, and relevant patient populations.    :Trained staff, including client service managers, sales representatives and account managers, on individual and client-specific product design, use, and history, as well as industry trends.   :Designed and delivered quarterly client-facing webinars detailing industry and product updates. NON-TECHNICAL WORK EXPERIENCE : SeattleÕs Best Coffee > Barista Supervisor -- Jan 2008 to Mar 2009, Oct 2010 to Jul 2011 : Target Corporation > Client Service Team Lead -- Nov 2009 to Oct 2010: Anuban Khon Kaen School > TESOL Teacher -- April 2009 to Aug 2009 : Capital Group Companies > Client Service Representative -- June 2006 to Dec 2007EDUCATION	 : Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), International Affairs, GPA: 3.83 -- Graduated May 2006  Florida State University -- Tallahassee, FL